A computer is a tool for solving problems with data .
A program is defined as a sequence of instructions that tell a computer how to do a task. When a computer follows the instructions in a program, we say it executes the program. You can think of it like a recipe that tells you how to make a peanut butter sandwich. In this model, you are the computer, making a sandwich is the task, and the recipe is the program that tells you how to execute the task .
A programmer is a person who creates computer software. The term, computer programmer can refer to a specialist in one area of computer programming or to a generalist who writes code for many kinds of software. One who practices or professes a formal approach to programming may also be known as a programmer analyst .
A programming language is, as the name would suggest, a language developed to express programs. All computers have a native programming language that they understand, commonly referred to as machine code. However, machine code is a difficult language for us to follow: amongst a number of difficulties, it is typically expressed in the binary number system, and it is unique to a particular computer architecture . 
Debugging is a very important task in the software development process since having defects in a program can have significant consequences for its users. Debugging is the process of finding and resolving of defects or problem within the program that prevent correct operation of computer software or a system .
An editor is any program that allows you to write computer code. They range from simple, like a basic text editor, to advanced software, such as Adobe Dreamweaver, Eclipse, JDeveloper, or Microsoft Visual Studio. Fortunately, any program can be written in a text editor, which means you can get started for free .
Most computer programming languages are high-level programming languages, meaning they are easy for you to understand, but impossible for a computer to understand. For the computer to "read" your program, it must be compiled or have an interpreter. Your programming language is the deciding factor on whether or not you'll need a third-party program to compile or interpret it .
For example, Eclipse is an interpreter that takes a program written in Java and "translates" it into code that can be run on and understood by a computer .
Who is the best?

